feat(reference): add telemetryEnabled engine property (#605)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/reference/deployment-descriptors/tags/process-engine.md

    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr id="telemetryEnabled">
    <td><code>telemetryEnabled</code></td>
    <td>boolean</td>
    <td>

>         Define whether Camunda receives data collection of the process engine setup and usage. <strong>Note:</strong> No data will be sent as the telemetry feature is incomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If enabled, information about the setup and usage of the process engine is sent to remote Camunda servers for the sake of analytical evaluation. <strong>Note:</strong> This feature is incomplete and under heavy development. Right now, no data will be sent.
```

Author: 👍
